blogs/paperlist.md, before:

# Zeper

Zeyu Li's Personal Paper List

## Some awesome paper lists

1. Heterogeneous Information Network Embedding: Methods and Implements. [link](https://github.com/zhoushengisnoob/HINE)
2. Implementations of some RecSys model. [link](https://github.com/princewen/tensorflow_practice)
3. Graph based deep learning literature. [link](https://github.com/naganandy/graph-based-deep-learning-literature)

## Some awesome survey papers
1. A Comprehensive Survey of __Graph Embedding__: Problems, Techniques and Applications [pdf]

## Interpretable Machine Learning

### NeuIPS 2018
1. Neural Interaction Transparency (NIT): Disentangling Learned Interactions for Improved Interpretability [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/7822-neural-interaction-transparency-nit-disentangling-learned-interactions-for-improved-interpretability.pdf)
2. Attacks Meet Interpretability: Attribute-steered Detection of Adversarial Samples [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/7998-attacks-meet-interpretability-attribute-steered-detection-of-adversarial-samples.pdf)
3. Towards Robust Interpretability with Self-Explaining Neural Networks [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/8003-towards-robust-interpretability-with-self-explaining-neural-networks.pdf)
4. Human-in-the-Loop Interpretability Prior [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/8219-human-in-the-loop-interpretability-prior.pdf)
5. Uncertainty-Aware Attention for Reliable Interpretation and Prediction [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/7370-uncertainty-aware-attention-for-reliable-interpretation-and-prediction.pdf)

### AAAI 2019
1. Explainable reasoning over knowledge graphs for recommendation. [pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.04540.pdf)
2. Explainable recommendation through attentive multi-view learning. [pdf](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/uploads/prod/2018/10/exrec-aaai-camera-ready.pdf)
3. Interpreting deep models for text analysis via optimization and regularization methods. [TODO]


## AAAI-19 Open Sourced Tutorials
Click [here](https://aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI-19/aaai19tutorials/)

1. Explainable AI tutorial. [Here](https://xaitutorial2019.github.io/)
2. Graph Representation Learning. [Dr. Jian Tang's homepage](https://jian-tang.com/)

## Conference Accepted Paper List

1. AAAI 2019 [H](https://aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI-19/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/AAAI-19_Accepted_Papers.pdf)


[Back](../index.html)

Commit message:

add how to compute a derivative

blogs/paperlist.md, after:

# Zeper

Zeyu Li's Personal Paper List

## Some awesome paper lists

1. Heterogeneous Information Network Embedding: Methods and Implements. [link](https://github.com/zhoushengisnoob/HINE)
2. Implementations of some RecSys model. [link](https://github.com/princewen/tensorflow_practice)
3. Graph based deep learning literature. [link](https://github.com/naganandy/graph-based-deep-learning-literature)

## Some awesome survey papers
1. A Comprehensive Survey of __Graph Embedding__: Problems, Techniques and Applications [pdf]

## Interpretable Machine Learning

### NeuIPS 2018
1. Neural Interaction Transparency (NIT): Disentangling Learned Interactions for Improved Interpretability [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/7822-neural-interaction-transparency-nit-disentangling-learned-interactions-for-improved-interpretability.pdf)
2. Attacks Meet Interpretability: Attribute-steered Detection of Adversarial Samples [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/7998-attacks-meet-interpretability-attribute-steered-detection-of-adversarial-samples.pdf)
3. Towards Robust Interpretability with Self-Explaining Neural Networks [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/8003-towards-robust-interpretability-with-self-explaining-neural-networks.pdf)
4. Human-in-the-Loop Interpretability Prior [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/8219-human-in-the-loop-interpretability-prior.pdf)
5. Uncertainty-Aware Attention for Reliable Interpretation and Prediction [pdf](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/7370-uncertainty-aware-attention-for-reliable-interpretation-and-prediction.pdf)

### AAAI 2019
1. Explainable reasoning over knowledge graphs for recommendation. [pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.04540.pdf)
2. Explainable recommendation through attentive multi-view learning. [pdf](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/uploads/prod/2018/10/exrec-aaai-camera-ready.pdf)
3. Interpreting deep models for text analysis via optimization and regularization methods. [TODO]


## AAAI-19 Open Sourced Tutorials
Click [here](https://aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI-19/aaai19tutorials/)

1. Explainable AI tutorial. [Here](https://xaitutorial2019.github.io/)
2. Graph Representation Learning. [Dr. Jian Tang's homepage](https://jian-tang.com/)

## Conference Accepted Paper List

1. AAAI 2019 [H](https://aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI-19/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/AAAI-19_Accepted_Papers.pdf)


## Awesome slides (thanks to the authors)

1. How to compute a derivative. [Here](../pdfs/How_to_compute_a_derivative.pdf)


[Back](../index.html)
